Update upcoming_changes_notification_rules.md (#24815)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/upcoming_changes_notification_rules.md

This change has the following impact on how notifications are generated for CSM Misconfigurations:

1. You will now be able to specify misconfiguration as a source type when creating notification rules.

> 2. You will now be able to choose whether you want to get notified for every new issue matching your query, or if you want to receive periodical notifications, summarizing new findings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You will now be able to choose whether you want to get notified for every new issue matching your query, or if you want to receive periodic notifications that summarize the new findings.
```

To migrate notification rules configured for cloud or infrastructure configuration signals, change the target from Cloud Configuration or Infrastructure Configuration to Vulnerability > Misconfiguration. 

> For any questions, please contact support. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions, contact Datadog support. 
```
